README.md, before:

# Portfolio for Jen Butler

## Description

This portfolio has been created to showcase the projects I have worked on and give you a little glimpse into who I am and what I can do.

## Installation

No installation required, but if you want to run this locally:

### Requirements

- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)

- [Live Server Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)

## Usage

1. You will require an IDE such as Visual Studio Code. 

2. After installing Visual Studio Code, install the Live Server extension.

3. Download the project code and export it to your local machine.

4. Open the folder where index.html resides in Visual Studio Code.

5. Right-click index.html and choose "Open with Live Server".

6. If desired, open Developer Tools and the Console window with index.html selected and review the output.

## Credits

Tutorial credit for responsive mobile menu to [ITNEXT](https://itnext.io/how-to-build-a-responsive-navbar-using-flexbox-and-javascript-eb0af24f19bf)

Tutorial credit for text overlay on an image to [IMarketINX](https://www.imarketinx.de/artikel/text-centered-on-image.html)

Tutorial credit for hiding the About Me section on mobile devices or small screens [CodeWellTech](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSEdMoZEGjI)

Menu bar icon from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

Reused misc. code from previous projects (see Projects listed in this project) for .card display and flexbox formatting

[Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/_t-l5FFH8VA?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) by [Jackson Sophat](https://unsplash.com/@jacksonsophat?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com)

[Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/6JVlSdgMacE?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) by [Pankaj Patel](https://unsplash.com/@pankajpatel?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com)


## License

Please refer to the LICENSE in the repo.

Commit message:

Misc. edits. Need to work on form. Need to get first box in Project list to take 100% width. Finalize CSS comments.

README.md, after:

# Portfolio for Jen Butler

## Description

This portfolio has been created to showcase the projects I have worked on and give you a little glimpse into who I am and what I can do.

## Installation

No installation required, but if you want to run this locally:

### Requirements

- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)

- [Live Server Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer)

## Usage

1. You will require an IDE such as Visual Studio Code. 

2. After installing Visual Studio Code, install the Live Server extension.

3. Download the project code and export it to your local machine.

4. Open the folder where index.html resides in Visual Studio Code.

5. Right-click index.html and choose "Open with Live Server".

6. If desired, open Developer Tools and the Console window with index.html selected and review the output.

## Credits

Tutorial credit for responsive mobile menu to [ITNEXT](https://itnext.io/how-to-build-a-responsive-navbar-using-flexbox-and-javascript-eb0af24f19bf)

Tutorial credit for text overlay on an image to [IMarketINX](https://www.imarketinx.de/artikel/text-centered-on-image.html)

Tutorial credit for hiding the About Me section on mobile devices or small screens [CodeWellTech](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSEdMoZEGjI)

Tutorial credit for the contact me form [CodingLabWeb](https://www.codinglabweb.com/2021/04/contact-us-form-in-html-and-css-free.html)

Menu bar icon from [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

Reused misc. code from previous projects (see Projects listed in this project) for .card display and flexbox formatting

[Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/_t-l5FFH8VA?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) by [Jackson Sophat](https://unsplash.com/@jacksonsophat?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com)

[Photo](https://unsplash.com/photos/6JVlSdgMacE?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) by [Pankaj Patel](https://unsplash.com/@pankajpatel?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com)


## License

Please refer to the LICENSE in the repo.
